SeaGlass
========

SeaGlass is a collection of re-usable iOS UI classes. Currently, there are two classes available 
but I plan to add additional UI and general utility classes in the future.

Adding SeaGlass to your project
===============================

The SeaGlass Xcode project is setup to support easy integration into an Xcode 4 workspace.

1. In Xcode 4, add SeaGlass as a sibling project to your app project. Do not add SeaGlass as a 
   cross-project reference in your app project.

2. In your app project, select your app target, under the Build Phases tab, expand the Link Binary
   with Libraries group and add the SeaGlass library.

3. In your app project, add the SeaGlass asset bundle (found in the SeaGlass project under the
   Resources group). The easist way to do this is by dragging the SeaGlass.bundle to your project.
   You can also add by selecting your app target, under the Build Phases tab, expand the Copy Bundle
   Resources group and add the SeaGlass.bundle.

4. If this is the first time you have linked to a static library within your app project, you will
   need to add the -ObjC and -all_load flags to your apps Other Linker Flags. Do this by selecting
   your app target, under the Build Settings tab, search for Other Linker. Under Other Linker 
   Flags, add the flags -ObjC and -all_load. They should appear in that order.

Overview
========

SGPopoverController 
-------------------

This is an alternative to UIPopoverController. Unlike UIPopoverController, this controller is 
meant to work on all devices, including the iPhone. It offers a similar (public) interface with
some limitations but also provides some additional capabilities and customization options.

SGRatingControl
---------------

This is a simple rating control like that found in the App Store or iPod apps.

Compatibility
=============

These classes work with iOS 4.0 and above.


Documentation
=============

Documentation can be generated using Doxygen. Install Doxygen if you do not already have it 
installed. From Doxygen, open the Docs/Doxyfile. Generated files will be in Docs/build.

